README.md, before:

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

## Notes

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app)
and edited where needed.

Commit message:

feat: more details and tweaks on actions.

README.md, after:

## Getting Started




## Running Checks before & after Deployment in CI

You can run your Checkly checks right after any **Vercel Preview Deployment** and then deploy your checks as 
monitors on Checkly. This is a powerful strategy to make sure your never ship critical breaking errors
to **Production**, while at the same time surfacing any outages in your **Production Deployments**.

This example uses GitHub Actions. Check out the workflow in `.github/workflows/checkly.yml` but you can any other CI platform.
We have [example configs for Jenkins and GitLab CI in our docs](https://www.checklyhq.com/docs/cicd/). 


1. Create an API key [in the API keys section of your Checkly account](https://app.checklyhq.com/settings/user/api-keys)
2. Take a note of your [Checkly Account ID in the General section of your Checkly account](https://app.checklyhq.com/settings/account/general) 
3. Save your API key and Account ID as `CHECKLY_API_KEY` and `CHECKLY_ACCOUNT_ID` as **secrets** in your GitHub Actions configuration.

![GitHub Actions Secret Page](assets/gh_actions_secrets.png)

Links:
- [Checkly docs on GitHub Actions integration](https://www.checklyhq.com/docs/cicd/github-actions/)
- [Vercel docs on running tests](https://vercel.com/guides/how-can-i-run-end-to-end-tests-after-my-vercel-preview-deployment)

## Notes

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app)
and edited where needed.
